feat: add Zenodo badge (#275)
SysBioChalmers/RAVEN: README.md

If you use RAVEN 2.0 in your scientific work, please cite:
> Wang H, Marcišauskas S, Sánchez BJ, Domenzain I, Hermansson D, Agren R, Nielsen J, Kerkhoven EJ. (2018) RAVEN 2.0: A versatile toolbox for metabolic network reconstruction and a case study on _Streptomyces coelicolor_. PLoS Comput Biol 14(10): e1006541. doi:[10.1371/journal.pcbi.1006541](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1006541).

> Starting with RAVEN v2.3.1, all the releases are also archived in [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/3689519), for you to cite the specific version of RAVEN that you used in your study

Reviewer: Link doesn't resolve, suggested alternative URL:

```suggestion
Starting with RAVEN v2.3.1, all the releases are also archived in [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3689518), for you to cite the specific version of RAVEN that you used in your study

```
